Describe in a high level the solution you have in mind
> In order to generate recommendations for the user correctly I considered the following algorithm
> 1. Consider first the music that was listened by the first-degree followees of the user
> 2. Rank the music list of the followees by giving a higher rank to music that is common between followees, the more followees that listen to a certain song that higher recommended that song is.
> 3. Filter out the music the user has listened to before from the followees music list.
> 4. Map the ranks to songs hence having a list of key-value pairs of rank and the sogs in that rank
> 5. Sort the mapped ranks by the rank (key)
> 6. Finally, fill in the recommended song list from the sorted list until 5 songs are reached. If the recommended list has less than 5 songs, randomly add songs to the list to increase song discovery.

What other data could you use to improve recommendations?
> * If I have the genre of music this would massively help in deciding what to recommend
> * If I am able to detect the number of times a user play a certain song I could more accurately determine the recommended songs
> * If the user can express their sentiment towards a song hence I could calculate like/dislike data on a song.
> * If I can get more information about the song like the artist, year of production as well this would make ranking more accurate.
> * A final thought would be how closely related music genres are, so for example if a user likes listening to metal they might very well be interested in heavy metal.

Assume you have more than one implementation of recommendations, how could you test which one is more effective using data generated by user actions?
> * I would validate which songs from the recommendations the user actually plays and other statistics like the number of times that song is played, if it was added to a "favourite" list.
> * I might explicitly ask the user which songs they would like to have more of, through possible a "More like this" option.

--

How long did this assignment take?
> It took me 10 hours to complete the task with no breaks in between, it was actually the only 7 hours I had free
> this weekend. The pas couple of weeks were very hectic and I could not get around solving the assignment until today. Following is the breakdown

> * 3 Hours: Learning Node.js, Express.js and setting up the environment through tutorials
> * 6 Hours: Implementing Server side code and testing via Python script, also implementing test script.
> * 1 Hour: Making code production quality by implementing best practices on code structure.

Did you learn something new?
> I definitely benefited from learning how to use NodeJS and how to write production code in it. I also learned a lot about
> using the internal memory of the server, although it sounds trivial. I have always been using databases for data storage,
> so it was new for me to use the internal memory, I hope however I modeled it in a decent enough way to compensate for the
> lack of a persistent data store.

Do you feel your skills were under tested in some way?
> Although this assignment tested thoroughly the quality of my code and how I organise the structure of the application, I
> do however feel that my programming skills in particular were tested to the core. The task was relatively simple and if it
> weren't for the new technologies I had to learn I would have finished much quicker. However, regarding testing my skills
> to learn a new technology and implement an app with it I believe my skills in that area were thoroughly tested and I am
> very happy I got to learn these technologies this way.
